yeah we know that there's a carcass
around that's already good sign
Sharansky the gentle giant is trying to
establish his dominance as the male see
interesting that Yvonne she has taken
over the core cast Kira is trying to
approach me but see she's respect and
she's giving him the space jagged of
solitary hunters and defeat solitary
Maya's wailing Kira is waiting for
savage to finish his turn on it usually
the male eats more than female he gets
larger and the more dominant he becomes
so he ends up eating first
oh right now they all have enough on the
space and they're waiting to see who's
giving up and now all I see now my
starting to feed but savant and Kira
haven't decided yet like because I want
you stirred to her Jaggers don't like
physical contact that position is very
clear that they are very very tense
right now
that is deadlocked where I think one is
hoping for the other one to give up who
really can start eating but none of them
wants to give up look at that Kira is in
a advantaged position because she's
under Nisha much now and now she got a
position at least she can breathe better
now look good bad
after 10 minutes the stalemate is
finally broken Maya walks away from the
fight she's still the smallest and can't
compete with her more aggressive
siblings eventually Kira proves to be
the cleverest of all she chews through
the rope and claims the prize all for
herself with her praise secured Kira
becomes extremely protective it's the
first time one of the Jaguars has issued
such a clear threat and even at this age
Kira could easily kill the Android we
have to leave leave her alone she's too
aggressive and we should leave the
cloaca Kira is losing her bond with
people and developing the aggression she
needs to live in the wild
it's good to see that she's having that
behavior that means she's confident
she's growing but it's the right time to
be outside of the enclosure
[Music]